*: Point users to the latest release instead of (#1395)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/user/install-operator-sdk.md

# Install the Operator SDK CLI

## Install from release

### Linux

```sh
curl -Lo operator-sdk https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/releases/download/v0.7.0/operator-sdk-v0.7.0-x86_64-linux-gnu && chmod +x operator-sdk && sudo cp operator-sdk /usr/local/bin/ && rm operator-sdk
```

> ### OSX

Reviewer: Nit: rename `OSX` to `macOS` throughout, which is new name Apple uses.

```sh
curl -Lo operator-sdk https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/releases/download/v0.7.0/operator-sdk-v0.7.0-x86_64-apple-darwin && chmod +x operator-sdk && sudo cp operator-sdk /usr/local/bin/ && rm operator-sdk
```

> #### Verifying the downloaded binary

Reviewer: Since Homebrew now claims support for Linux, I agree with making it a separate section outside of the macOS section. But it's a little awkward fitting the verification section in alongside, I think.

What do you think of the following outline?

## Install from GitHub release
### Download the release binary
```sh
# Linux
curl -Lo operator-sdk ...
# macOS
curl -Lo operator-sdk ...
```
### Verify the release binary
```sh
# Linux
curl -Lo operator-sdk.asc ...
# macOS
curl -Lo operator-sdk.asc ...

# Verify the binary
gpg --verify operator-sdk.asc
rm operator-sdk.asc
```
...

### Install the release binary in your PATH
``` 
chmod +x operator-sdk && sudo cp operator-sdk /usr/local/bin/ && rm operator-sdk
```
## Install from Homebrew
...

## Compile and install from master
...

```sh

> # OSX

Reviewer: Nit: list the Linux commands first, so the order is consistent throughout.

curl -OJ https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/releases/download/v0.7.0/operator-sdk-v0.7.0-x86_64-apple-darwin.asc
# Linux
curl -OJ https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/releases/download/v0.7.0/operator-sdk-v0.7.0-x86_64-linux-gnu.asc
```

To verify a release binary using the provided asc files, place the binary and corresponding asc
file into the same directory and use the corresponding command:

```sh
# macOS
$ gpg --verify operator-sdk-${RELEASE_VERSION}-x86_64-apple-darwin.asc
# GNU/Linux
$ gpg --verify operator-sdk-${RELEASE_VERSION}-x86_64-linux-gnu.asc
```

If you do not have the maintainers public key on your machine, you will get an error message similar
to this:

```sh

> $ git verify-tag ${TAG_NAME}

Reviewer: The `$ git verify-tag ${TAG_NAME}` line doesn't make sense in this context, so I think we can just remove it, leaving the lines prefiexed with `gpg:` (which still DO make sense)

However, the `git verify-tag` failure this describes does still make sense in the release doc. Maybe we should duplicate this one bit about the failed gpg check in both docs?

gpg: Signature made Wed 31 Oct 2018 02:57:31 PM PDT
gpg:                using RSA key 4AEE18F83AFDEB23
gpg: Cant check signature: public key not found
```

To download the key, use this command, replacing `$KEY_ID` with the RSA key string provided in the output
of the previous command:

```sh
$ gpg --recv-key "$KEY_ID"
```

> Now you should be able to verify the tags and/or binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you should be able to verify the binary.
```
